docs: improve main readme (#203)
allinbits/cosmos-cash: README.md

[Cosmos Cash: Investigation into EU regulations affecting E-Money tokens](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1zmEyA8kA0uAIRGDKxYElOKvjtz4f_Ep5/view)

### Architecture

> The Cosmos Cash approach leverage open standards to reach it's goals and to offer an open model compatible with 3rd party projects that uses the open standards. In particular we use 
> - SSI 
> - DID
> - Verifiable Credentials
> - Zero knowledge proof  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cosmos Cash approach leverages open standards to reach its goals and to offer an open model that is compatible with third-party projects that use the open standards. In particular, the Cosmos Cash project uses: 
- Self-sovereign identity (SSI)
- Decentralized identifier (DID)
- Verifiable credentials (VC)
- Zero-knowledge proofs  
```

For a detailed architecture description and design choices, visit the [ADR](./docs/Explanation/ADR) section. 

### Documentation

The Cosmos Cash documentation is available under the [docs](./docs) folder. 

Technical reference is bundled within each module, visit the [module index](./docs/Reference/MODULES.md) page for links to individual modules.

Links to presentations, discussions and interviews are available in the [presentations page](./docs/Explanation/presentations.md).

### Getting started 

> To get start and contribute to the project visit the [technical setup](./TECHNICAL-SETUP.md) page and the [contributing](./CONTRIBUTING.md) page.
> 
> 
> A Cosmos Cash testnet is available at this coordinates:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started and contribute to the project, visit the [technical setup](./TECHNICAL-SETUP.md) page and the [contributing](./CONTRIBUTING.md) page.

A Cosmos Cash testnet is available at these coordinates:
```

- **Chain ID**: `cosmoscash-testnet`
- **Token Denom**: `cash`
- **Genesis**: [cosmos-cash.app.beta.starport.cloud/genesis](https://cosmos-cash.app.beta.starport.cloud/genesis?)
- **RPC URL**:  `https://rpc.cosmos-cash.app.beta.starport.cloud:443`

> A Cosmos Cash DID resolver endpoint (compatible with the [universal resolver](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/universal-resolver) driver specifications) is available at:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Cosmos Cash DID resolver endpoint that is compatible with the [universal resolver](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/universal-resolver) driver specifications is available at:
```

```
https://api.cosmos-cash.app.beta.starport.cloud/identifier/
```

A universal resolver frontend is also available for testing and verification purposes at:
- https://uniresolver.cosmos-cash.app.beta.starport.cloud

--- 

> Have questions or want to get in touch? drop an email at *cosmos-cash@tendermint.com*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do you have questions or want to get in touch? Send us an email at *cosmos-cash@tendermint.com*.
```
